So how can we perform this task? To rotate the
array by one position, we can keep the last element
of the array in a temporary variable
That is back up array[n-1] then shift
the remaining elements by one position to right.
Now place the backed up element in the first place
so that array is rotated once. So to rotate  it
K times which is two times here,
we can do this procedure two times.
We already did it once
Now we have to do it again
So back up
last element four
shift all the other elements to right by one position and
place the backed up element which is four in zeroth index
And we got the array rotated twice
So the idea is we can call this procedure
k times to rotate the array k times.